Let's put your big grades first.
Ask only shocked Americans
I see you are off-road styling
today
I'll take you first
Tangying
With your current strength
Ten is not one.
Are you sure you want to protect him?
From then on, the Qing army was known as the contemporary Mulan
Although Tang Bing has been in retreat for a long time
I never give up
come again
Xue Yang
Forget it, your old wounds are not healed
Can't beat him
What is the ability to lock a woman behind her back?
Didn't you say you were Qing Jun?
Okay, then I will also challenge you today.
Willing to treat Wang Yongen
I won't do anything to you
Not with me
You won't?
I didn't dare.
Impersonating the Qing army
That's the death penalty
If you kneel down and beg for mercy now
I might be able to help you in front of the Qing army
But if you still go your own way
No one who comes today can save you
Yan leaves the scene, I don't care if the situation is Qing Army or not
It doesn't matter to me.
Today's Qing army feast
I don't want to be your enemy
You and I were colleagues
I have also made great achievements
I will trade my past achievements for peace of mind
Can you take a break from this?
Fine. In that case.
Then I will pass it all on to me 6.
Report to the Tang family War God family
as desired
Reduced to number-sensitive ionization field
You and I attacked and defended Beijing
You are a comrade, you are a friend
Do you have to do that?
You don't even look at your current identity
Once compared to me
Don't you forget
You're just a gate watcher now
Haha, I didn't expect the Tang family, which was so beautiful back then
I actually fell into this field
If the patriarch had a spirit underground
I'm afraid I'm going to be pissed off by this junior again?
Hahaha
Tang Xueying
You still protect him
Are you going to ruin your Tang family?
you
abuse of privacy
No Cao Xue Camp
One person does things and one person does things
What is the relationship between the Tongtang family?
Who dares to let my Tang family defeat glory